it's a gruesome task Yousef is picking
through debris to find the bodies of his
loved ones and they're beyond
recognition over 30 people were killed
and they're buried under this
Rubble on the 11th of May our house was
bombed without any warning and now these
are the
remains all we found are bones we
haven't found any intact bodies they've
all
decomposed may God be with us his home
had been struck by an Israeli Bomb in
East jabalia now it's just one of a
Labyrinth of destroyed and crumbling
houses businesses and
schools after a 3-we isra offensive
gaza's largest and most densely
populated refugee camp is wrecked beyond
recognition Street after Street people
tell similar stories of loss and grief
my father was standing in front of his
own doorstep when a rocket Target him
and struck him dead what did he do wrong
he was 71 years old what harm did he
cause to Israel what threat did he POs
to Netanyahu my father was a
pacifist jabalia has been at the
epicenter of Israeli raids since the War
Began after Israeli forces withdrew in
February the camp was no longer
habitable Medical Teams have become well
practiced and retrieving bodies from
under the
rubble those are the bodies of children
along with their father who perished not
long ago we also recovered the bodies of
a mother with her two-month old baby
they fell victim to air strikes what's
unfolding in jabalia refugee camp and
more broadly in Gaza amounts to genocide
against our
people many of the Dead are brought to
Kamal One hospital wrapped in shrouds
here people are identifying the bodies
young and old to give them as dignified
a funeral as they
can this woman was too grief stricken to
speak she can only mutter that she's
lost to her
son those who survived and returned can
only comfort each other pray and grieve
for those they've lost
Laura Khan
[Music]
aljer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer